Add stuff (#203)
amplifying-fsharp/amplifying-fsharp.github.io: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Contributor Code of Conduct

Guiding us in our day-to-day interactions and decision-making are the values of trust, respect, collaboration and transparency. Our community welcomes participants from around the world with different experiences, personalities, unique perspectives, and great ideas to share.

> We expect this code of conduct to be honored by everyone who participates in the Fantomas community formally or informally.

Reviewer: Not totally sure if AF or F# is the target audience here
```suggestion
We expect this code of conduct to be honored by everyone who participates in the Amplifying FSharp community formally or informally.
```

As a project on GitHub, this project is additionally covered by the [GitHub Community Guidelines](https://help.github.com/articles/github-community-guidelines/).

## Enforcement

While this code of conduct should be adhered to by participants, we recognize that sometimes people may have a bad day, or be unaware of some of the guidelines in this code of conduct. When that happens, or if they are violating this code of conduct, you may reply to them and point out this code of conduct. Such messages may be in public or in private, whatever is most appropriate. However, regardless of whether the message is public or not, it should still adhere to the relevant parts of this code of conduct and itself should not be abusive or disrespectful. Assume good faith; it is more likely that participants are unaware of their bad behaviour than that they intentionally try to degrade the quality of the discussion.

As a small and young project, we don’t yet have a Code of Conduct enforcement team. We encourage contributors to try to resolve issues with respectful communication - [here is an example of how to do that](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/649#issuecomment-599965505).

> Should there be difficulties in dealing with the situation or you are uncomfortable speaking up, unacceptable behavior may be reported to conduct@fantomas.com. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.

Reviewer: should we set up a dedicated AF mail address for that?

Author: Nah, let's put the Gmail one in.
